.TH chrysalide 1 "September 1 2018" "Version 1" "Chrysalide Manual Pages"

.SH NAME
Chrysalide - a reverse-engineering factory.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B chrysalide
[options] [filename] [filename...]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Chrysalide is a fast tool collection for binary analysis.

It is written using the GTK+ toolkit and support several file formats and architectures.

Python bindings are also available.

.SH OPTIONS
Chrysalide accepts the following options:

.TP 8
.B  \-h, \-\-help
Show Chrysalide command\-line options.

.TP 8
.B  \-v, \-\-version
Display the program version.

.TP 8
.B \-V, \-\-verbosity=level
Set the log level (0 for all messages, 5 for none).

.TP 8
.B \-b, \-\-batch
Exit after processing files.

.TP 8
.B \-s, \-\-save
Save disassembly cache after analysis in batch mode (ignored in normal mode).

.TP 8
.B \-p, \-\-project=filename
Open an existing project or create a new one.

.SH FILES

.TP 8
.B $HOME/.config/chrysalide/cache/
Location of cache created for processed binaries.

.TP 8
.B $HOME/.config/chrysalide/cdbs/
Location of Chrysalide Databases storing the configuration of each loaded binaries.

.TP 8
.B $HOME/.config/chrysalide/id_rsa.priv
.TQ 8
.B $HOME/.config/chrysalide/id_rsa.pub
.TQ 8
.B $HOME/.config/chrysalide/clients/
.TQ 8
.B $HOME/.config/chrysalide/servers/
Credentials used to share information about processed analysis.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

.TP 8
.B CHRYSALIDE_PLUGINS_PATH
A colon-separated list of directories to search for extra native plugins. The default directory will always be searched before browsing theses directories.

The default directory depends on the installation configuration; it is \fIlibdir\fR/chrysalide-plugins, where \fIlibdir\fR is usually /usr/lib/.

.SH FEATURE REQUESTS AND BUG REPORTS

Any bugs found should be reported to the online bug-tracking system
available at https://bugs.chrysalide.re/.

New features should also be requested using the same system.

Before reporting or requesting, please check the current list in order
to avoid duplications.

When reporting bugs, it is important to include a reliable way to
reproduce the bugs.

.SH AUTHORS
Cyrille BAGARD
